README.md, before:

# Crypto Price Data scraper

Scrapes historical price data for a crypto currency from CoinMarketCap.


## License
Copyright (c) Wyatt Shapiro 2018

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.


## Installation

Clone the repo onto your machine with the following command:

$ git checkout https://github.com/wyattshapiro/crypto_data.git


## Dependencies

We use Python 2.7 to create the scrapers.

See https://www.python.org/downloads/ for information on download.

We use virtualenv to manage dependencies, if you have it installed you can run
the following commands from the root code directory to create the environment and
activate it:

$ virtualenv venv  
$ source venv/bin/activate

See https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/ for more information.

--------

We use pip to install dependencies, which comes installed in a virtualenv.
You can run the following to install dependencies:

$ pip install -r requirements.txt

See https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/ for information.

--------

We use ChromeDriver 2.38 to spin up a Chrome browser.

See https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/ for more information.


## Config

- BASE_DIR: base directory of program
- HEADERS: headers used in Chrome browser
- COIN: coin you want to scrape
- START_DATE: date you want to start scraping
- END_DATE: date you want to stop scraping
- OUTPUT_PATH: location of file you want to write out data


## Inputs
Configured in src/config.py file

- COIN: coin you want to scrape
- START_DATE: date you want to start scraping
- END_DATE: date you want to stop scraping


## Execution
You can run the following to execute program based on Inputs:

$ cd [path/to/crypto_scraper/dir]  
$ python src/scrape.py

Commit message:

update for coin_name arg input

README.md, after:

# Crypto Price Data scraper

Scrapes historical price data for a crypto currency from CoinMarketCap.


## License
Copyright (c) Wyatt Shapiro 2018

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.


## Installation

Clone the repo onto your machine with the following command:

$ git checkout https://github.com/wyattshapiro/crypto_data.git


## Dependencies

We use Python 2.7 to create the scrapers.

See https://www.python.org/downloads/ for information on download.

We use virtualenv to manage dependencies, if you have it installed you can run
the following commands from the root code directory to create the environment and
activate it:

$ virtualenv venv  
$ source venv/bin/activate

See https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/ for more information.

--------

We use pip to install dependencies, which comes installed in a virtualenv.
You can run the following to install dependencies:

$ pip install -r requirements.txt

See https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/ for information.

--------

We use ChromeDriver 2.38 to spin up a Chrome browser.

See https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/ for more information.


## Config

- BASE_DIR: base directory of program
- HEADERS: headers used in Chrome browser
- HEADLESS: Rrue if you want to run the browser headlessly
- START_DATE: date you want to start scraping
- END_DATE: date you want to stop scraping
- OUTPUT_PATH: location of file you want to write out data

## Inputs

coin_name: name of any coin listed on CoinMarketCap ex. Bitcoin, Ripple, Ethereum, etc.

## Execution
You can run the following to execute program by calling the following commands:

$ cd [path/to/dir_crypto_scraper/src]  
$ python scrape.py [coin_name]
